Deprecate kibana dashboard only mode [skip ci] (#42669)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/dashboard_only_mode/index.asciidoc

[[xpack-dashboard-only-mode]]
== Kibana Dashboard Only Mode

> deprecated[7.4.0, Using the `kibana_dashboard_only_user` role is deprecated. We recommend using <<kibana-feature-privileges,feature privileges>> instead.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecated[7.4.0, Using the `kibana_dashboard_only_user` role is deprecated. Use <<kibana-feature-privileges,feature privileges>> instead.]
```
